UNK: Thanks for coming to today's monthly meeting. Let's start with apologies for
UNK: absence. Oh and before I forget Frank Lyons is running a bit late. He texted me
UNK: this morning. And Gary Cope and Karl Madden emailed apologies. Anyone else?
UNK: Joey Ballon Weasley can't make it. She's struggling with some personal issues. I
UNK: think she's got some sort of fault thing that she's got. Okay thank you. Where's
UNK: Clive? Oh completely forgot, yes. He can't be here. He's had to go to a meeting
UNK: elsewhere. Damn it. Oh and Janet Bowers is off sick as well. Oh that's a surprise.
UNK: To tell you the truth I forgot what she looked like. And I'm delighted to announce
UNK: we have a new team member with us and specialist minute take-up. So for the
UNK: benefit of the new addition to the team shall we all introduce ourselves and
UNK: get up to? Yeah okay I'll start. Hello I'm Rita, managing director as you know.
UNK: Hi I'm Jason Summerville. I'm the new project and program manager for
UNK: marketing. I just transferred over from the US office and I just want to say how
UNK: excited I am about this new role especially with some of our new products
UNK: coming on board. And I also wanted to say how sorry I am to hear about the loss of
UNK: our HR manager Sarah Bryant. I think that's gonna be incredible loss to the team.
UNK: Oh yeah I'm Lucy Strokes, PA to Rita. I'm Sue Carpenter with a D and I'm the sales
UNK: director. And I'm Julian Gellis, the new HR manager. Okay on to the next item. Are
UNK: there any matters arising from the previous minutes? No. Fine. Well next item
UNK: on the agenda. I'd like Lucy to talk us through her thoughts on this. Yeah well
UNK: there's been an actual problem with car parking you know ever since George
UNK: Shidon Shipman moved into the new offices at the back and we knew this was
UNK: gonna happen eventually but you know our stuff I've got used to the extra
UNK: spaces and what's happened there's been a few arguments there was a really bad
UNK: one where one of our lot completed one of their lot which is really bad because
UNK: we're trying to like it's just started us with a bad reputation so what we need
UNK: to do is let one of you know our lot know that the spaces belong to them
UNK: actually. I'm sorry are you saying there is a problem with car parking Lucy? I
UNK: didn't quite catch all of what you said. Yeah and also a number of the sales team
UNK: need their car throughout the day and they want to know what the company
UNK: proposes to do about this issue. I'm not sure. We need to send an email letting
UNK: all the staff know there are only five spaces that belong to us. Well I think we
UNK: should think about priority parking as well. It's the only way we're gonna stop
UNK: you rowing on a regular basis. Sorry I got held up in a previous meeting. Okay
UNK: it's okay we're just discussing car parking issues. Right. I ride a bike. Yes I do too.
UNK: You ride a bike? Yes. Oh really and does it have a bell on it? Actually yes it does.
UNK: Please come and get back. Okay I mentioned priority parking so we need to make a
UNK: decision on this. I witnessed a fight last week between two members of staff.
UNK: Stop exaggerating it's just a heated discussion. I was perfectly in my
UNK: right to stand up for myself. Some loser came up to me and said that my car is
UNK: taking up two parking spaces. Now that's just ridiculous. Well you do drive a
UNK: tank and it does take up two spaces. I think priority parking is a good idea
UNK: Julian. Thank you. You know I think that anyone that needs their coffee work and
UNK: uses it during work hours should be given priority at the sales team. What happens
UNK: if one of them is off sick? Sue can we just decide on the priority spaces first?
UNK: Well I can think of about four people on the on the sales team that use their cars
UNK: regularly. I'll get back to you off the meeting but I'm pretty sure it's four.
UNK: Well that should leave enough space for management provided that is that Jason
UNK: gives up the tractor. How about two car parking spaces for visitors as well.
UNK: Respect to clients might need their spaces. Completely forgot about that.
UNK: Actually yes let's make it three. Oh please would you both put your phones away.
UNK: It's very distracting. Okay right three spaces as it's a difficult area to
UNK: park with a two-hour restriction and client meetings are always running over.
UNK: That would leave us with two spaces left to be allocated. Have I got a space?
UNK: Rita Rita client meeting shouldn't be running over two hours. I mean in about
UNK: 40 minutes max. Well I have different types of meeting from you. Yes but if
UNK: meetings overrun I mean clients just switch off and get bored. Really? Yeah
UNK: can we please get back to the agenda item. I do have another meeting to go to.
UNK: The car park is not an issue for me as I travel by bicycle as does Frank. Look I
UNK: suggest Sue and Jason are allocated the two spaces. I don't mean to be petty but
UNK: Jason really does take up two spaces. Excuse me. I would like to say. Listen if he parks by the
UNK: garages in the corner where he normally parks he's normally okay there so let's
UNK: have him have that parking space. Listen forgive me this is just getting a bit silly. Jason you need to park by the garages
UNK: and I'll coordinate letting the next priority member know if anyone is off sick.
UNK: Okay great so can we all agree that we send a list to all staff advising them about the
UNK: priority parking. Is that okay? Great. If anyone was listening I'll send it. Also think that if
UNK: anybody parks inconsiderately that they should lose their car parking privilege. Oh what's
UNK: everyone think about that? Lucy? What do you think? Yeah it's right. Okay that settles that.
UNK: Settles what? Loss of privilege or parking by the garage? Both. All right so I'll put a sign up
UNK: with my name on it my parking space. Oh can you put a sign up on all the spaces Jason?
UNK: Oh okay why don't I get a list and then I'll circulate it so there's no confusion.
UNK: Fine Jason you do it. So can I just say. Okay okay moving on to the next item on the agenda
UNK: staff morale. Sue can you explain the background to this? Sue has identified a growing problem
UNK: with staff morale. Can you all refer to the issued report? I wish Clifers here I mean
UNK: actually he really needs to be here. No doesn't I'm here why does he need to be here?
UNK: Please carry on. Well there is a concern in some departments that there is low staff morale
UNK: this is indicated by the recent low sales figures and also increased sickness absence
UNK: in some of the departments. I'm sorry I don't seem to have the reports.
UNK: Thank you. Right well there seems to be a significance problem with staff morale in
UNK: the sales team and also sickness absence and also company-wide particularly on Mondays and Fridays.
UNK: There is definitely low morale in the company in certain departments new changes that have been
UNK: introduced like the IT system. People just want to know why certain people have left why there's
UNK: been restructuring and whether their jobs are safe. Yeah isn't this just gossip sounds like
UNK: excuses and laziness to me. Anyway it clearly is the case that sales figures are at their lowest
UNK: since February last year and it's mainly to do with the amount of absences from the sales team.
UNK: The recent launch of Comet software has caused problems too because it seems that people
UNK: haven't had enough training and are therefore making a number of mistakes. I've done my best.
UNK: It's a big department. I would like to say that the basic instruction handout was given out and
UNK: everyone was shown step by step easy steps about how this should be done and everyone was provided
UNK: with well should have been provided well no actually they were provided with a password
UNK: that would allow them to log into the new system. It's okay so what has this got to do with staff
UNK: morale? It's what people are struggling with new software you know they're making mistakes it slows
UNK: them down it demotivates them. Anyway if you could all look at the second report Lucy and I produced
UNK: a anonymous questionnaire to get feedback from staff about issues. If you have a look you'll see
UNK: very clearly the feedback statistics. And Lucy I don't mean to pick on you but you were given
UNK: a password and like everyone else you seem to have mislaid it or lost it and then and then you
UNK: email me. What is this losing or forgetting passwords got to do with low morale and also
UNK: everyone puts down poor management when you talk about morale it's just a waste of time
UNK: these questionnaires. Look look there are issues that have been raised things like lack of training
UNK: you know lack of effective appraisals. I do appraisals. Well when was the last time you've
UNK: conducted a staff appraisal? Anyway the point is that we need to be working a little harder to
UNK: get people on side and we also found out from the questionnaire that some of the issues are to do
UNK: with the recent restructuring the job losses poor management in some departments and also as I've
UNK: mentioned the lack of training on the new software. Well thank you for that Sue. You do seem to have
UNK: taken on a lot recently. Look as there are a few reasons what what would you say was the
UNK: predominant reason so that we begin to tackle one at a time maybe start work on the major one first.
UNK: Well I think it might be a good idea if you and I had a separate meeting about that. Why don't we
UNK: move on to the the second issue now. Well okay we can hold on that but maybe we've got one after
UNK: this meeting. But you know Sue these issues really need to be dealt with now. Okay I take your point
UNK: but I do wish Clive was here. Okay maybe we could discuss the new appraisal system now.
UNK: We could have an awards night. Some sort of evening to boost morale. Yeah yeah get
UNK: Jorkook Company experience perfect. Well some sort of team challenge get everyone pulling together
UNK: maybe in the daytime first. Yeah what about go-karting. Is that the team challenge? What about
UNK: party pilates? What? Darts. Guys like darts. Everyone's a winner. That's quite a good idea
UNK: actually. Yeah and I like darts. No I don't I don't like darts. I think we should send a questionnaire
UNK: rather than management deciding what motivates the team. Darts. No no I might kill someone.
UNK: I'm glad you consider everyone Jason. Okay so we'll ask the staff then we'll put it through a vote.
UNK: Yeah great idea so we'll get them to watch them put it to a vote and then there'll be no excuse
UNK: for any complaints. Okay time's ticking on can we all have a think come up with some ideas for
UNK: the next meeting and then at the meeting we can decide on about six and put it to a company
UNK: vote yeah. Why don't we decide on those things now while they're still fresh in everybody's minds.
UNK: Yeah and those issues do need addressing now. Okay so what have we got. We have go-karting,
UNK: awards night, party pilates, darts and drinking evens. We need more than that.
UNK: Let's all come up with four and email them over in the next two days and I'll take it from there.
UNK: So moving on yes IT issues so what are the IT issues I heard there was a problem on Friday
UNK: and I was in St Albans with a new client. Friday's issues took me quite a long time to investigate
UNK: in fact it took me pretty much all of my afternoon. The f-drive backup recovery disassociated itself
UNK: somehow from the PCP main framework. I found that this was a problem dating back to the beginning
UNK: of last month when the PCP was originally reinstalled. Somehow quite a large component
UNK: from the logative rebix hadn't been installed in the reinstallation. Indeed this was also a problem
UNK: with the external energy source administration detail being overlooked. Frank just try explaining
UNK: that back to us as if with five-year-olds would you? Oh geez. Shall I continue? There was an external
UNK: energy issue preventing us from powering up our mainframe and sub-feeders. Do you mean there was
UNK: a power cut Frank? Yes in simple terms. Thank you. So how could we avoid this happening again? I guess
UNK: it would be a matter for contacting the electricity supplier. Pay the electricity bill? Yes. Can we
UNK: minute accounts please play the electricity bills on time agreed? Agreed. And maybe we should have
UNK: sent Frank on an effective communication skills course. Agreed yeah. Right moving swiftly on.
UNK: What about the training issue? Oh I've been thinking about that and I've got an idea but I want to
UNK: run it past Clive first. Maybe we could save that for the next meeting? Oh okay but I mean I think
UNK: we should have that meeting sooner rather than later. Okay. In the next two weeks? But not everybody
UNK: needs to be there. I'd like myself and Clive and Frank because it's relevant to them. But I think
UNK: I should be there as well. That's my final decision Sue thank you. I'll speak with Clive and let you
UNK: know date Frank. Moving on yes Gary couldn't attend today so he's provided us with a financial report
UNK: which in summary well we've had a tough year. The balance sheet's about even and we're doing pretty
UNK: well in contract sales so thanks very much for that. On the downside lots of revenue in handset
UNK: sales abroad. But how much are we down on last year? I mean Gary's layout here is quite confusing.
UNK: This figure here 52 or 21 I mean I'm not familiar with this this kind of financial report he seems
UNK: to have changed it. That's a big difference let me just have a look. I've got a bit of accounting
UNK: experience. Thanks Julian. You know that's a lot. Seriously I mean what could be more? It's actually
UNK: neither of those numbers it's 11. Are we in red or black? Well I think if we can't pair a utility
UNK: bill I think we're in the red. Actually we are in the black but we're down on last year. Okay well
UNK: thank you for that. I think that's about all for this meeting. Just leaves us with any other business.
UNK: Yeah the people who are leaving plates aren't washing up their plates in the kitchen. What it is
UNK: is this shoe. It's stings. On the same note actually at the shower room recently. Have you seen the
UNK: state of the shower room? Yeah okay can I just say? I've never been in there. Well yes you should
UNK: because you ride your bike. Okay we've got a general cleanliness problem and as far as those
UNK: issues are concerned you must make sure they're scheduled for the next meeting. All right everyone
UNK: happy? Is the dishwasher not working?
